yea
The pilgrimage departed at 6 o'clock in the morning.
the first stop happened around 7 o'clock in the village Maria Goat in
delmiro gouveia all trucks and the bus that only transport the elderly
stopped to supply at the moment the mayor of inhapi
oberdan tenório bell arrived at the place distributed in each vehicle a
amount from 20 reais for each person according to the mayor would be a
help for expenses in juazeiro at 9 o'clock the pilgrimage followed the trip and already in
110 met with pilgrims from Santa Brigida in Bahia who were in
six buses and stopped to help one of them
who had a flat tire
the pilgrimage of the city of Bahia
happens for the fourth consecutive year
and is held by the former mayor
francisco france france who spoke of the trip
son
v
Paulo also took the opportunity to talk to the
secretary of the bacon who presented us with the best health service
at least ten dead
the partial of April and even the border traveled more autonomy
accountant was the big name of yesterday night the novelty of the government and the
liberators
the university of são paulo it is a person died the goalkeeper also of santa
Sherezinha is funny
we are used to seeing
truth or not but I will do it again during a conversation
67 years old residing in paulo afonso bahia
revealed that this would be his 50th trip to Juazeiro, one hundred and ten reais and sixty
and seven real and fifty real caffeine
all in pottery
It's easy but I'll more willingly know the ways well as well and
now i go now
2 for the fire brigade of santa brígida dona zefinha
I think it's normal and they always happen with the taste of want more what you
think of the trip
is too good
on the hill then already goes with the game next year as he the idea of
games on the internet what we think after the conversation the problem of the bus
had already been solved and the pilgrimages joined a trip becoming a
only time
in the next ten days
you will accompany the second stop of the pilgrimage what happened and jatobá
pernambuco